Add CHANGELOG for v0.63 (#616)
turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.63 [2023-04-20]

_Breaking changes_

> - The `NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) v1.1` benchmarks has been updated to better align with [AWS Audit Manager NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) v1.1](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/audit-manager/latest/userguide/NIST-Cybersecurity-Framework-v1-1.html) framework. The following updates have been made: ([#604](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance/pull/604))

Reviewer: @madhushreeray30 do we have a link to the official guide of NIST benchmark? If yes could you please add that?

> - The `NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) v1.1` benchmarks has been updated to better align with official [NIST document](https://www.nist.gov/cyberframework) and the matchig [AWS Audit Manager NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) v1.1](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/audit-manager/latest/userguide/NIST-Cybersecurity-Framework-v1-1.html) framework. The following updates have been made: ([#604](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance/pull/604))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) v1.1` benchmark has been updated to better align with the official [NIST document](https://www.nist.gov/cyberframework) and the matching [AWS Audit Manager NIST Cybersecurity Framework (CSF) v1.1](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/audit-manager/latest/userguide/NIST-Cybersecurity-Framework-v1-1.html) framework. The following updates have been made: ([#604](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance/pull/604))
```

  - 100+ new controls have been added
  - The following controls are no longer included in the benchmarks:
    - `ebs_attached_volume_delete_on_termination_enabled`
    - `s3_public_access_block_bucket_account`
    - `sns_topic_encrypted_at_rest`
    - `vpc_security_group_associated_to_eni`

_Bug fixes_

> - Fixed `lambda functions` should operate in more than one availability zone false positives. ([#609](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance/pull/609))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the `lambda_function_in_vpc` and the `lambda_function_multiple_az_configured` queries to correctly check if a function is present in a VPC or not. ([#610](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance/pull/610))
```
